Removes mentions of styled system props from the CONTRIBUTING doc. (#1644)
primer/react: contributor-docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

Here's an example of a basic component written in the style of Primer Components:

```jsx
import sx, {SxProp} from './sx'

const Component = styled.div<​SxProp>`
  // additional styles here

  ${sx};
`

Component.defaultProps = {
  m: 0,
  fontSize: 5
}

export default Component
```

### Adding the `sx` prop

Each component should accept a prop called `sx` that allows for setting theme-aware ad-hoc styles. See the [overriding styles](https://primer.style/components/overriding-styles) doc for more information on using the prop.

> Adding the `sx` prop is similar to adding system props; import the default export from the `sx` module, add it to your style definition, and add the appropriate prop types. **The `sx` prop should go at the _very end_ of your style definition.**

Reviewer: Maybe remove the reference to 'system props' here because that term no longer has meaning?

Author: Good call!

Here's an example of a basic component written in the style of Primer Components:

```jsx
import sx, {SxProp} from './sx'

const Component =
  styled.div <

>   SxProp >

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason this is split across three lines?

Author: Oh strange! Prettier did that for me. I'll fix.

### TypeScript support

> Primer React is written in TypeScript, and we include type definitions in our built artifacts. To check types, run the `typecheck` script:

Reviewer 3: sorry!

```suggestion
Primer React is written in TypeScript, we include type definitions in our built artefacts. To check types, run the `typecheck` script:
```

Reviewer 3: ignore me please 😅
